issue/3163 Added correctToPass and _hasItemScoring support (#132)
adaptlearning/adapt-contrib-assessment: README.md

#### *course.json*  
The following attributes, set within *course.json*, configure the defaults for all assessments in the course. These attributes can be overridden on a per assessment basis by setting attributes of the same names in *articles.json*.

**\_assessment** (object): The Assessment object that contains values for **\_scoreToPass** and **\_isPercentageBased**.  

>**\_scoreToPass** (integer): This is the achievement score required to pass the assessment. The learner's score must be greater than or equal to this score. It is the cumulative raw score needed to pass unless **\_isPercentageBased** is set to `true`.  

>**\_correctToPass** (integer): This is the achievement correctness required to pass the assessment. The learner's score must be greater than or equal to this score. It is the cumulative raw correctness needed to pass unless **\_isPercentageBased** is set to `true`.  

> >**\_isPercentageBased** (boolean): Determines whether the values of **\_scoreToPass** and **\_correctToPass** should be treated as a percentage or as the raw score and correctness. For example, if **\_isPercentageBased** is set to `true`, a **\_scoreToPass** value of `60` will be treated as `60%`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**\_isPercentageBased** (boolean): Determines whether the values of **\_scoreToPass** and **\_correctToPass** should be treated as percentages or as the raw score and correctness. For example, if **\_isPercentageBased** is set to `true`, a **\_scoreToPass** value of `60` will be treated as `60%`.  
```

>**\_scoreToPass** (number): This is the achievement score required to pass the assessment. The learner's score must be greater than or equal to this score. It is the cumulative raw score needed to pass unless **\_isPercentageBased** is set to `true`.    

>**\_correctToPass** (number): This is the achievement correctness required to pass the assessment. The learner's correctness must be greater than or equal to this value. It is the cumulative raw correctness needed to pass unless **\_isPercentageBased** is set to `true`.    

> >**\_isPercentageBased** (boolean): Determines whether the valuex of **\_scoreToPass** and **\_correctToPass** should be treated as a percentage or as the raw score and correctness. For example, if **\_isPercentageBased** is set to `true`, a **\_scoreToPass** value of `60` will be treated as `60%`.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**\_isPercentageBased** (boolean): Determines whether the values of **\_scoreToPass** and **\_correctToPass** should be treated as percentages or as the raw score and correctness. For example, if **\_isPercentageBased** is set to `true`, a **\_scoreToPass** value of `60` will be treated as `60%`.   
```
